# Aryeo.Order

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **String** | ID of the order. UUID Version 4. | 
**number** | **Number** | A vanity id used for internal tracking of orders for a given vendor. | 
**title** | **String** | The title of the order, generated by combining the order&#39;s number property with the prefix \&quot;Order #\&quot;. | 
**fulfillmentStatus** | **String** | The fulfillment status of the order. | 
**paymentStatus** | **String** | The payment status of the order. | 
**currency** | **String** | The three-letter ISO 4217 currency code for the currency in which this order was or will be transacted. Must be a supported currency of Aryeo. | [optional] 
**totalAmount** | **Number** | A positive integer in the smallest currency unit (that is, 100 cents for $1.00) representing the total order amount that was or will be charged. This accounts for order items and taxes.  | [optional] 
**paymentUrl** | **String** | A URL of a publicly-accessible webpage to pay for the order. | [optional] 
**statusUrl** | **String** | A URL of a publicly-accessible webpage to see the order&#39;s status. | 
**address** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**customer** | [**Group**](Group.md) |  | [optional] 
**items** | [**[OrderItem]**](OrderItem.md) | items | [optional] 



## Enum: FulfillmentStatusEnum


* `FULFILLED` (value: `"FULFILLED"`)

* `UNFULFILLED` (value: `"UNFULFILLED"`)





## Enum: PaymentStatusEnum


* `PAID` (value: `"PAID"`)

* `UNPAID` (value: `"UNPAID"`)





## Enum: CurrencyEnum


* `USD` (value: `"USD"`)

* `CAD` (value: `"CAD"`)

* `GBP` (value: `"GBP"`)

* `CHF` (value: `"CHF"`)

* `EUR` (value: `"EUR"`)

* `AUD` (value: `"AUD"`)

* `NZD` (value: `"NZD"`)

* `ZAR` (value: `"ZAR"`)




